Deck building:

- Start of the game:
    Players each start with 5 value-1 Crystal cards and 3 value-1 units, that they shuffle to create their decks.
    They then draw 5 cards to make their hands.

- At the end of a player's turn, he may discard as many cards from his hand as he wants, then replenishes his hand to 5 cards.
    Other players that have less than 5 cards in their hands can also replenish their hands to 5 cards.

- If a player has to draw or reveal more cards from his deck than it contains, that player must first shuffle his discard pile and place it on the bottom of his deck.

- There are 6 different types of units for each faction.
    A faction is composed of:
    8 basic units (cost 1)
    6 warrior units (cost 2)
    4 greater warrior units (cost 3) 
    4 tactical units (cost 3)
    3 champion units of (cost 5)
    2 immortal units of (cost 6, goes into discard pile if destroyed)


Territories:

- There are territory cards in the central area at the beginning of the game.
    Players can attack those territories (wild territories) to take control of them.
    They can also attack other players' territories to steal them from those players.

- Players can tap untapped territories they control to produce resources.
    Tapped territories are untapped at the beginning of their owner's turn.
    Corresponding resource token are placed on the territory card.
    When stealing a territory from another player, that territory stays tapped or untapped if it was, and the resource token stay on it.


Resources and mana crystals:

- A territory can produce:
    meat (stackable),
    plants (stackable),
    ores (stackable),
    mana (not stackable).
    They can also be used to claim mana crystal cards.

- Each faction strongly relies on one type of resource.

- A faction can use mana crystals (by descarding them) and resources (by removing them from his territories) to ask for reinforcement, i.e. add units from his world to his discard pile.

- Resources can also be used to add cards to your deck from the central area (domesticating beasts, using the terrain to your advantage, etc). 


Combat:

- During his turn, a player may launch as many attacks as he wants against wild territories, attacking one or more at the same time.
    He may also attack territories or portals belonging to other players, but may only attack each other player once.

- Combat between players takes place as follows:
    The attacking player starts by designating the targets (territories, portals) he's attacking. On each front, a battle will take place.
    At that time, one or both players can choose to spend 5 of their faction's resource on a territory to add 3 to the strength of their army on the corresponding front.
    Players add unit to all fronts until both have stopped.
    Then, the strength of each side of each front is determined.
    The attacker wins the battle on a front if his strength is strictly more than the defender's.
    After the battle is the aftermath: doomed units are destroyed (i.e. returned to where they were bought), and the rest are discarded (i.e. returned to their owner's discard pile).

- During combat, units are not played all at once:
    The attacking player adds a unit to each front.
    Then the defending player does the same.
    Players continue to add units to all fronts in alternance.
    When it's a player's turn to put units on all fronts, he may choose to stop adding units to some of them.
    In this case, he only adds units to the remaining fronts until the end of all battles.
    If the other player has not stopped adding units to this front, he is thus the only player still adding units on this front.
    When both players have stopped adding units on all fronts, all battle end.

- Combat against wild territories happen similarly, except that only one player 
is adding his units to the battle and his strength is compared to the natural strength of the territory.

- Units played during combat don't simply add strength to their side.
    They also have abilities that greatly impact how the battle unfolds.
    Those abilities can be permanent abilities or triggered abilities.

- Permanent abilities are additional rules to the battle that take effect as long as the unit possessing this ability is participating in combat.
    For example "if this unit should be destroyed during combat, it becomes doomed instead" is a permanent ability.

- Triggered abilities are effects that can be activated once by the player at specific times.
    The player can always choose not to trigger an ability.
    There are 4 types of triggered abilities:
        Immediate abilities may be triggered just after the unit has been played.
        Delayed abilities may be triggered when all units have been played, before determining the strength of each side. The attacking units' delayed abilities are triggered first. Then the defending units'.
        Reaction abilities may be triggered each time a specific event occurs (for example: "when this unit is destroyed").
        Aftermath abilities may be triggered after the battle, during the aftermath.

