Valuable Resource: Ore

Basic Unit (cost 1):

Miner (Strength: 1)
    Immediate: Produce ore on this territory.
    Immediate: Reveal the top 2 cards of your deck. You may draw 1 revealed Energy Crystal card into your hand. Discard the rest.


Shock Unit (cost 2):

Artificer (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: Discard an Energy Crystal card from your hand then draw a card to produce ore on this territory.
    Immediate: If you triggered the first ability: destroy a unit on this front by paying its cost with the ore tokens on this territory.


Main Units (cost 3):

Rushed Cannon (Strength: 2)
    Permanent: You may purchase this unit at any moment. When you do, put this unit in your hand instead of your discard pile.
    Immediate: Discard an Energy Crystal card from your hand then draw a card to produce ore on this territory.
    Aftermath: Destroy this unit.

Digging Machine (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: Produce ore on this territory. Add the ore production of neighbouring territories to this territory.
    Immediate: Reveal the top 2 cards of your deck. Discard any number of those cards and put the rest on top of your deck in any order. You may also choose to draw one revealed Energy Crystal card into your hand.

Sentinel (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: Discard an Energy Crystal card from your hand then draw a card to produce ore on this territory.
    Permanent: +1 strength if you triggered the first ability and there are 2 or more ore tokens on each of your territories.
    Permanent: +2 strength if you triggered the first ability and there are 5 or more ore tokens on each of your territories.

Specialist (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: Discard an Energy Crystal card from your hand then draw a card to produce shards on this territory.


Champion Unit (cost 5):

Rocket Roll (Strength: 3)
    Immediate: Move any number of resources from this territory to other territories you control OR purchase a unit from your World and add it to your hand.


Immortal Unit (cost 6):

Blacksmith (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: [Discard an Energy Crystal card from your hand then draw a card] OR [Destroy an Energy Crystal card from your discard pile] to produce ore on this territory.
    Delayed: If you triggered the first ability: for each allied unit on this front, you may choose to remove 1 ore token from this territory to add 1 strength to this unit.

