Civilization Resource: Plants

Basic Unit (cost 1):

Hunter (Strength: 1)
    Immediate: Produce 3 mana if either the allied territory or half of its neighbours have a production capacity of 2 in plants or animals. Otherwise produce 2 mana.
    Delayed: Use 2 mana to add 1 strength to this unit.


Shock Unit (cost 2):

Marksman (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: Produce 3 mana if either the allied territory or half of its neighbours have a production capacity of 2 in plants or animals. Otherwise produce 2 mana.
    Reaction (event: allied mana production on this front): Use 8 mana to get rid of a unit on this front. If that unit's cost is 2 or less, you may use only 4 mana instead.


Main Units (cost 3):

Druid (Strength: 3)
    Immediate: Produce 3 mana if either the allied territory or half of its neighbours have a production capacity of 2 in plants or animals. Otherwise produce 2 mana.
    Reaction (event: allied mana production on this front): Use 4 mana to destroy a card from your hand.
    
Ranger (Strength: 3)
    Immediate: Produce 3 mana if either the allied territory or half of its neighbours have a production capacity of 2 in plants or animals. Otherwise produce 2 mana.
    Reaction (event: allied mana production on this front): Use 8 mana to draw a card or make your opponent choose and discard one from his hand.

Channeler (Strength: 3)
    Permanent: Whenever this unit should collapse, you may use 4 mana to prevent it.
    Immediate: Produce 8 mana if either the allied territory or half of its neighbours have a production capacity of 2 in plants or animals. Otherwise produce 6 mana.

Mystic (Strength: 3)
    Permanent: Whenever this unit should collapse, you may use 4 mana to prevent it.
    Immediate: Produce 6 mana if either the allied territory or half of its neighbours have a production capacity of 2 in plants or animals. Otherwise produce 4 mana.
    Immediate: Draw a card then discard a card.


Champion Unit (cost 5):

Forest Guardian (Strength: 4)
    Immediate: Produce 3 mana if either the allied territory or half of its neighbours have a production capacity of 2 in plants or animals. Otherwise produce 2 mana.
    Delayed: Use up to 6 mana to add as much strength to this unit.


Immortal Unit (cost 6):

Priest of Life (Strength: 4)
    Permanent: All allied mana productions on this front are increased by 2 mana.
    Immediate: Produce 3 mana if either the allied territory or half of its neighbours have a production capacity of 2 in plants or animals. Otherwise produce 2 mana.

