Civilization Resource: Animals

Basic Unit (cost 1):

Skeleton (Strength: 1)
    Permanent: If this card is revealed by an ability, you may discard it and reveal another one instead. You may also discard this card from your hand at any time to draw a card.
    Immediate: Discard a card from your hand.
    Delayed: If there is a total of 4 allied units or less on all fronts, add a Skeleton from your discard pile to this row.


Shock Unit (cost 2):

Flameskull (Strength: 2)
    Permanent: +1 level if there are at least 3 units in your discard pile.
               +1 level if there are at least twice as many units in your discard pile than cards in your deck.
    Immediate: Level 1: reveal the top 2 cards of your deck, discard any number of them, and put the rest back in any order.
               Level 2: get rid of a unit of cost 2 or less on this front.
               Level 3: get rid of a unit on this front.


Main Units (cost 3):

Wendigo (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: Destroy the top card of your discard pile.

Death Knight (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: [Reveal the top card of your deck, then either discard it or put it back on top of your deck] OR [draw the non-Grim-Reaper unit card which is the closest to the top of your discard pile into your hand].

Skeleton Rider (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: You may shuffle your discard pile and place it under your deck. Reveal the top 3 cards of your deck. You may exchange 1 unit card revealed in this way with a unit card from your hand. Discard the revealed cards in any order.

Bone Golem (Strength: 3)
    Permanent: +2 strength for each Skeleton unit on this front.


Champion Unit (cost 5):

Lich (Strength: 3)
    Permanent: +1 strength for each unit in your discard pile.


Immortal Unit (cost 6):

Grim Reaper (Strength: 3)
    Immediate: Choose a type of unit. Put all units of that type that are in your discard pile at its bottom. Draw the non-Grim-Reaper unit card which is the closest to the top of your discard pile into your hand.

