Civilization Resource: Positronium

Basic Unit (cost 1):

Building Block (Strength: 0)
    Permanent: This unit cannot be returned to your World during the post-combat phase.
    Immediate: Destroy 2 Building Blocks on this front to add a Weaponry Module from your World to the battle on this front.
    Delayed: Against wild territories: doom this unit add 2 to its strength.


Shock Unit (cost 2):

Weaponry Module (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: Destroy a Building Block on this front to get rid of a unit on this front.
    Immediate: Reconfigure this unit.


Main Units (cost 3):

Recycling Module (Strength: 3)
    Immediate: Destroy a card from your hand to add a Building Block from your World to this row. Do not trigger its immediate ability.
    Immediate: Reconfigure this unit.

Production Module (Strength: 3)
    Immediate: Add all Building Blocks from your World to this row. Do not trigger their immediate abilities.
    Immediate: Reconfigure this unit.

Flight Module (Strength: 3)
    Immediate: Move any number of Building Blocks from and to any number of active fronts.
    Immediate: Destroy a Building Block on this front to draw a card.
    Immediate: Reconfigure this unit.

Efficiency Module (Strength: 3)
    Delayed: Destroy any number of Building Blocks on this front.
    Immediate: Reconfigure this unit.


Champion Unit (cost 5):

Core Module (Strength: 1)
    Immediate: Destroy 2 Building Blocks to move this unit to the left or right of another allied unit on this front.
    Immediate: Destroy 2 Building Blocks to move another allied unit on this front to the left or right of this unit.
    Permanent: +2 strength to the units on the immediate left and right of this unit. +2 strength to the non-Building Block units on the previous row and on the next row.


Immortal Unit (cost 6):

Assembly Module (Strength: 1)
    Immediate: Destroy up to 3 Building Blocks on this front. You may add a unit of cost equal to or less than the number of units destroyed in this way to the battle on this front. Doom that unit.

