
Dedicated Mechanics:

- "Protect a unit" = Differentiate that unit.
  The next time it should collapse, undo that unit's protecting instead.

- "Support a unit" = Differentiate that unit.
  That unit's abilities may behave differently when it is supported.


Grunt (Strength: 1)
    Permanent: +1 strength if your hand is empty.
    Permanent: +1 strength if this unit is on the top row.


Shock Unit (cost 2):

Raider (Strength: 2)
    Immediate:
      Differentiate this unit.
      [Support all Raiders on this front]
      OR [Destroy a unit of cost 2 or less]
      OR [Destroy an enemy unit (chosen by you if this unit is supported, otherwise by the opponent)]
    Delayed: Trigger the first ability if it has not been triggered.


Main Units (cost 3):

Shield Warrior (Strength: 3)
    Immediate:
      Discard a card from your hand OR [differentiate one of the Energy Crystal cards
      you have played this turn. It is destroyed at the end of the expansion phase].

Charge Leader (Strength: 3)
    Reaction (condition: your hand is empty):
      reveal the top card of your deck. If it is a unit, you may add it to this row. Otherwise discard it.

Shaman (Strength: 2)
    Immediate:
      [Draw 1 card, then choose 1 card or more from your hand and put each of them
      either on top or at the bottom of your deck in any order]
      OR [Choose a type of unit. Protect all units of that type]
    Reaction (event: a unit of the chosen type is added to the battle):
      Protect that unit.

Brute (Strength: 4)
    Immediate: Protect this unit.
    Permanent:
      When adding new allied units to the battle on this front,
      you may add them to this unit's row instead of adding them to the bottom row.

Champion Unit (cost 5):

Warlord (Strength: 5)
    Permanent: +4 strength when your hand is empty.


Supremacy Unit (cost 6):

Far Seer (Strength: 4)
    Immediate:
      Reveal up to 5 cards from the bottom of your deck.
      You may exchange one of those with a card from your hand.
      Put back each revealed card either on top or at the bottom of your deck in any order.
