
Dedicated Mechanics:

- "Extract shards from a territory" = place 1 shard near the units on that front,
  +1 if the territory is a mountain (*i.e.* a territory of your color),
  +1 if the territoy is energy-rich.
  Some abilities will allow you to spend those shards during battle.
  The remaining shards are given to the winner at the end of the battle.

- "Use X Energy Crystal" = discard Energy Crystal cards from your hand for a total value of X or more

- Resources on a territory: some abilities will place resources on a territory.
  The owner of that territory may retrieve those shards,
  but only during their turn of the Production phase,
  and if that territory is connected to their Portal.


Basic Unit (cost 1):

Miner (Strength: 1)
    Immediate: Extract shards from the allied territory and 2 territories in direct contact with it.
    Immediate:
      Reveal the top 2 cards of your deck.
      You may draw 1 revealed Energy Crystal card into your hand.
      Discard the rest.


Shock Unit (cost 2):

Artificer (Strength: 1)
    Immediate:
      Use 3 Energy Crystals from your hand to draw a card and extract shards
      from the allied territory and 1 territory in direct contact with it.
      Differentiate this unit.
    Immediate:
      If you triggered the first ability:
      use 5 shards extracted on this front to get rid of a unit on this front.
      If that unit's cost is 2 or less, you may use only 3 instead.


Main Units (cost 3):

Rushed Cannon (Strength: 2)
    Permanent:
      You may purchase this unit at any moment.
      When you do, put it in your hand instead of your discard pile.
    Immediate: Discard an Energy Crystal card from your hand then draw a card.
    Post-combat: Destroy this unit.

Digging Machine (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: Extract shards from the allied territory and all territories in direct contact with it.
    Immediate:
      Reveal the top 2 cards of your deck.
      Discard any number of those cards and put the rest on top of your deck in any order.
      You may also choose to draw one revealed Energy Crystal card into your hand.

Sentinel (Strength: 1)
    Immediate: Discard one card to draw one card and extract shards from the allied territory.
    Permanent:
      +1, +2, +3 or +4 strength if 3 territories that you control
      each have at least 5, 10, 30 or 50 shards respectively on them.

Specialist (Strength: 1)
    Permanent :
      You may not purchase Energy Crystal cards during the Reinforcements phase
      (this applies during the whole game, whether you purchase this unit or not).
    Immediate:
      Immediately purchase an Energy Crystal card.
      Add that card to your hand instead of your discard pile.

Champion Unit (cost 5):

Blacksmith (Strength: 1)
    Immediate:
      Use 3 Energy Crystals from your hand to draw a card and extract shards from the allied territory.
      Differentiate this unit.
    Delayed:
      If you triggered the first ability:
      for each allied unit on this front, you may use 1 shard extracted on this front
      to add 1 strength to that unit.


Supremacy Unit (cost 6):

Rocket Roll (Strength: 3)
    Immediate:
      Place any number of shards on one of your territories.
      You may destroy a card from your discard pile to immediately play
      Energy Crystal cards from your hand and purchase a unit from your World.
      Add that unit to your hand instead of your discard pile,
      then discard the Energy Crystal cards.
