Civilization Resource: Ore

Basic Unit (cost 1):

Infantry Squad (Strength: 1)
    Permanent: Discard this unit when a unit on its row collapses or is discarded.
    Immediate: Reveal the top 2 cards of your deck. You may discard the first card or, if it is a unit of strength 1 and there are 2 Infantry Squads or less on this row, add it to the row. Put back the remaining cards on top of your deck in any order.


Shock Unit (cost 2):

Archery Squad (Strength: 1)
    Immediate: Discard a unit of strength 1 from your hand to draw 1 card from the bottom of your deck and get rid of a unit on this front. This ability cannot be triggered when this unit is added to the battle by an Infantry Squad.


Main Units (cost 3):

Tactician (Strength: 1)
    Permanent: +1 strength if there is at least 1 Infantry Squad and 1 Archery Squad on this front.
    Immediate: Reveal the top card of your deck, then discard it, destroy it or put it back on top of your deck.

Heavy Infantry (Strength: 1)
    Permanent: If this unit is revealed from the top of the deck by the ability of an Infantry Squad or Captain, you may exchange it with an allied unit on the bottom row.
    Permanent: +2 strength if this unit was added to the battle by replacing another unit.

Captain (Strength: 1)
    Permanent: +1 strength if there are other units on this row.
    Immediate: Copy the immediate ability of an allied unit of strength 1 on this front. When copying an Infantry Squad's ability, units of strength 2 can be added to the row as if their strength was 1.

Cavalry (Strength: 1)
    Immediate: Discard a unit of strength 1 from your hand to draw 3 cards, then discard 2 cards from your hand.
    Permanent: +1 strength if the first ability was triggered.


Champion Unit (cost 5):

Knight (Strength: 2)
    Permanent: +1 strength to all Infantry Squads and Archery Squads on this front.


Immortal Unit (cost 6):

General (Strength: 2)
    Immediate: Reveal the top 3 cards of your deck. You may draw up to 2 non-General units of strength 1 into your hand. Discard any number of remaining cards and put the rest back on top of your deck in any order. If you drew 2 cards, add a unit from your hand to the battle on this front.

